bee heaters
as they are being cut out doses.
about 10 millimeters thick you don't
the better in this case, this is about 30
about 30 centimeters
pass is done small simply
for fixing
spiral heating spiral here
part of the kilowatt helix in this
case in this case here are the spirals
any spiral sold but most importantly
so that it has some kind of rigidity
so as not to stretch freely happens
stretch and not go back part here
spirals then there is a half kilowatt
my experience is enough spiral
we found the best option with friends
and created
why a bleached doze car should be
because it must be paraded under
the socket on the pallet is shown early
film and
its part to cling to those framework shifts
which stand behind the diaphragm here
Two tails of a bow a spiral get off
winds up and also winds up
telephone try
braid edge stripped connects to
highways
they all connect in parallel each
family and per 25 families
twenty five volts to give too
transformer group example
transformer which is input 220 and output
25 power is more than 20 power from 400 and
above some guys even use
250 watts me 400 increase 25
families
hang on one transformer does not make sense
heats up less if we pick something up
the helix will heat up more but in
anyway safe
heats the heat goes minimal
almost hand in the street does not feel
warmly and indoors
minimal heat is given
You can put temperature sensors but experience
suggests that is enough
such heat
It works heating heating connected
only at night it makes no sense to include
preheating so as heater from
dried nest open spiral and
provokes the bees to fly for water under
walnut is being fed
each hive where to connect so
so that they do not close that is
the main line is brought in this way
to one end and wire cable
was a little bit shorter than the other a little bit
longer and then
never been locked you can of course
wrap with tape but under tape
Do not wind up tight after rain contact
oxidizes
the other side of the pack is two
transformer when we connected 25
in this case to the right
ok left more powerless and less closed
only 15